now this is the genealogy of Esau who is
Edom Esau took his wives from the
daughters of canaan ada the daughter of
elon the Hittites a holy Bama the
daughter of aina the daughter of zibeon
the highlight and Bessemer Ishmael's
daughter sister of neighbor Jeff now ada
bought Elif s to Esau and beseemeth ball
Bruin and a hula beam aboard gia SH
Jhelum and Korra these were the sons of
Esau who were born to him in the land of
Canaan the niece or took his wives his
sons his daughters and all the persons
of his household his cattle and all his
animals and all his goods which he had
gained in the land of Canaan and went to
a country away from the presence of his
brother Jacob for their possessions were
too great for them to dwell together and
the land where they were strangers could
not support them because of their
livestock
so Esau dwelt in Mount Seir Esau is Edom
and this is the genealogy of Esau the
father of the in Mount Seir
these were the names of Esau sons
elephants the son of ADA the wife of
Esau and ruin the son of bessemer the
wife of Esau and the sons of LFS were
teaming OMA z fo gatum and kinas now
Timna was the concubine of LFS Esau's
son and she bore a malik to Elif ass
these were the sons of a de esau's wife
these were the sons of ruin nay hath
zerah Shama and Missa
these were the sons of pass on earth
esau's wife these were the sons of a
holy Bhima esau's wife the daughter of
anah the daughter of zibeon and she
bought a Esau
geesh J Elam and Cora these were the
Chiefs of the sons of Esau the sons of
LFS the firstborn son of esau were chief
teman chief OMA chief zepho chief
Keenan's
chief Cora chief gatum and chief Amalek
these were the Chiefs of LFS in the land
of Edom they were the sons of ADA
these were the sons of ruin Esau son
chief nay hath chief Zira chief shaman
and chief Missa these were the Chiefs of
ruin in the land of Eden these were the
sons of Bassam earth esau's wife and
these were the sons of a holy bein
esau's wife chief G oh Sh chief jailer
and chief Cora these were the Chiefs who
descended from a holy Bama esau's wife
the daughter of anah these were the sons
of Esau who is Edom and these were their
chiefs these were the sons of seir the
horite who inhabited the land
Lewton Shobha zibeon aina dyshawn Issa
and dice Shan these were the Chiefs of
the rights the sons of seir in the
land of Edom and the sons of Lotan were
her I and Hema
lotin sister was Timna these were the
sons of Shobha elven mana hath evil she
fo and Onan these were the sons of
zibeon both Asia and aina this was the
aina who found the water in the
wilderness as he pastored the donkey's
of his father's zibeon these were the
children of aina tyshaun and a Hooley
Baima the daughter of aina these were
the sons of de Xiang Hendon Ashburn
Efren and Kiran these were the sons of
ISA bill hahn Zevon and acre
these are the sons of Dyson as an era
these were the Chiefs of the
Rights chief loader chief Shobha chief
zibeon chief ena chief deshaun chief
Iza and chief Dyson these were the
Chiefs of the Hornets according to their
Chiefs in the land of Sela now these
were the Kings who reigned in the land
of edom before any King reigned over the
children of Israel
Beeler the son of Bill reigned in Edom
and the name of his city was dinner bur
and when Bella died jobab the son of
Zera of Basra reigned in his place
when jobab died Hugh sham of the land of
the tema Knights reigned in his place
and when Hugh sham died hey Dad the son
of bedad who attacked Midian in the
field of Moab reigned in his place and
the name of his city was Ava --the when
Heder had died
Sam LA of mass Rica reigned in his place
and when sanli died soul of Rehoboth by
the river reigned in his place when Saul
died bale Haman the son of Iqbal reigned
in his place and when Bale hainan the
son of Akbar died
hadar reigned in his place and the name
of his city was pay you his wife's name
was mijita Bell the daughter of matron
the daughter of Meza had and these were
the names of the chiefs of esau
according to their families and their
places by their names
chief Timna chief Alva chief chief
a--the chief a holy Bama chief ela chief
peanin chief kinas chief demon chief
mipzor chief Magda l and chief Aaron
these were the Chiefs of Edom according
to their dwelling places in the land of
their possession Esau was the father of
the
you